“A man is nothing without his bombs.”
“There’s nothing stronger than love, except the pleasure of bombing critters.”
“A good critter is a dead critter.”
“The universe belongs to humans, not critters.”
“One small bomb for a man, one giant blow to critters’ kind.”
“The best way to control critter population is to destroy them all.”
“Carrying bombs is a constitutional right.”
“Humans are good and critters are evil. And good shall prevail.”
“Every man hopes for the chance to trigger a bomb.”
“The first step of bringing democracy to an alien world is to bomb it.”
“Wealth and fame are nothing without the freedom to kill and destroy.”
“Man’s worst nightmare is to live in a world without critters to bomb.”
“Never put off until tomorrow any bombing you can do today.”
“All humans should be granted access to food, healthcare, education, and bombs.”
“Peace is a lie. Coexistence with critters is not possible.”
“The purpose of critters is to be maimed and killed for human enjoyment.”
“In any argument, the first party who calls the other a critter loses the debate.”
“I cannot live without bombs.”
“It takes an accomplished audiophile to appreciate the tonal subtleties of an explosion.”
“Ultimatums are useless burdens. Bomb first, talk later.”
“Humans have a mission to civilize alien worlds by killing their inhabitants.”
“Anybody who seeks to introduce bomb regulation is an enemy of freedom.”
“We are born with thumbs so we can press trigger buttons.”
“Humans are superior to critters in all matters. Including weaponry.”
“Efficient anger management techniques always involve bombing and killing.”
“Nobody is too young to start learning how to trigger a bomb.”
“The biggest regrets of the dying are the opportunities they missed to bomb critters.”
“Diplomacy is the art of preparing for war.”
“One ought to recognize that creating destruction and chaos is a basic human need.”
“History must be taught to children so that they understand the danger of peace.”
“My brilliant record in alien decimation will probably make my name last forever.”
“Critter’s intestines spilled all over the place is a never-ending source of satisfaction.”
