Full Fire: Maximizes the blast radius of a bomb.
Fire Up: Increases the blast radius of a bomb.
Argh! Fire Down: Reduces the blast radius of a bomb.
Bomb Up: Increases the number of bombs#you can drop at one time.
Argh! Bomb Down: Decreases the number of bombs#you can drop at one time.
Speed Up: Lets you move faster.
Argh! Speed Down: Makes you move slower.
Pierce Bomb: The bomb blast will pass through soft blocks.
Remote Control: This lets you detonate a bomb from#a distance, whenever you feel like it.
Bomb Pass: With this, you can walk through bombs#safely and freely.
Glove: This lets you throw a bomb.
Kick: Kicking knocks bombs out of your way.
Argh! Virus: Ouch! Take care of yourself!
Random Item: How lucky will you be? Let's see!
?
?
?
?
?
?
Here is the first killing field! You have 5 minutes to kill all of the critters. Yes, yes,#I know what you are thinking: your battery only lasts 5 minutes. I swear I'm working day and#night to make it better. Hey, don't look at me like that! Stop wasting time and get started!
Some critters are smart enough to avoid your bombs. But, if you’re as wicked and clever as#I think you are, you will find a way to trap them. Show me what you've got!
You’re making good progress! Go on, show these critters who’s the boss! In a manner#of speaking, of course. I'm the real boss, not you - in case you had any doubt.
Be careful! Some critters leave a trail of slime behind them. Don’t step in it! It would#damage this expensive titanium body of yours, and I can't afford to pay for a new one.
A killing field with telepods! Don’t let any critter in when you’re using them! A few chaps#tried that with flies a long time ago, and the results were, shall we say, inconclusive.
Here’s the Fairy Boss! Nobody has ever beat him before, but I think you can do it!#Are you ready to inflict a violent and painful demise on him?
Holy moley, there is snow everywhere! Did you bring your skis? Hahaha, just kidding.#Skiing… as if we had time for such silly recreation. We've got killing to do!
There are a few dangers you should be aware of. Ice can break and snowstorms can#slow you down. And *I* can kick your ass if you fail this mission! Got it?
Watch out for critters spitting acid at your face. You have no idea how much it costs for robots#to get facial surgery! Let them spit at your bombs instead and blow up their *own* faces!
Now, show me how you’re going to handle this one. Come on, make me happy!#Make me proud! Make me rich! Make me the ruler of the galaxy! Go, go, go!
Things are getting serious. Good thing we’re such a cohesive team, right?#I mean you take the risks, I reap the rewards - a perfect match!
Here comes the Ice Boss! Be the first to make him chill out for good!
Have you ever heard of “Gone With The Wind”?#Well, *you* will be gone with the wind if you don’t move carefully here!
The breeze would feel better without all these critters around, don’t you think?#Well, get rid of them!
Some critters are powerful enough to destroy blocks in the killing field.#Don’t let them get to you before *you* get to them!
Oh, yes! This windy wasteland is about to become nothing but hot air!#The critters are literally being blown away!
You know the difference between a swarm of critters and a galactic void?#Bombs! Everything is possible when you have enough of them.
Here comes the wind boss! Bombing Bastard, blow his mind!
Man oh man, is it hot! Make the critters really feel the heat! Give them hell!
Who put Bunsen burners in the killing field? Unfortunately, they will only burn you,#not the critters! How unfair is that?
I made you in my own likeness, Bombing Bastard. Wicked, stubborn, and hotheaded.#Just a tad less clever, so you can’t use me like I’m using you. Ahem, anyway, let’s get to work!
It takes true commitment to risk your life on the killing field for my own personal gain!#But I know I can count on you. I created you, after all!
With each killing field that you clear, I feel closer to absolute wealth and power.#I would thank you, if you didn’t owe your very existence to me!
Meet the Fire Boss! I heard he’s a bit of a hothead, but I know#you can send him down in flames! 
Wow, what a place. This is where all of the critters originated from, and it's also where#their species are the most advanced. Time to rid the galaxy of them once and for all!
What the… ? Black holes in a killing field? I thought *bombs* were the only way#to send life forms to the void! Steer carefully!
Wow! This black hole is as dark and empty as your soul! Just kidding.#You don’t actually have a soul!
We're getting close, aren’t we? Just a little more insane risk taking on your part,#and I’ll own this galaxy once and for all!
I'll tell you what, cleansing the galaxy of all these critters is starting to feel like a day job.#At least it involves all this violence, so it's still fun, right?
Well, well, well - the final boss. This guy ought to be tough! Show me what you've got!#Deliver me the galaxy!
